greetings lovelies hi it's Emmy what
collectors are watching today I'll be
making this
it's called Cora Cora honey month and
it's making these little animals out of
this kind of mochi dough and to make
this all you need is some water but I
forgot a plate so let me go get a plate
all right inside package we have this we
have three powders strawberry and
chocolate with one lollipop stick and
one tray okay so there's a little line
here we're going to fill up our tray to
the line and add that strawberry powder
and it looks like it's turned pink so we
want to mix that up once this is formed
into a ball take your impeccably clean
hands and form this into five pieces now
we're going to make the chocolate and
tray number three we're going to add
water to the fill line this kit didn't
come with a dropper actually save this
from another kit if you ever get one I
definitely recommend saving these things
are really handy next we're gonna have
the chocolate powder and then mix that
well okay now that we have our chocolate
we wouldn't buy that into three okay I'm
gonna go DeLauro powder to the number
one trick it smells a little bit like
fruity powder then we're gonna fill the
number two tray with some water is about
two-thirds full when take one of our
pink little strawberry we'll just stick
it on a stick dip it in the water and
then dip it into the powder it says to
roll it a few times look at that
it's growing in size it's similar to be
create the gloomy thing I did a long
time ago in Japan I'll put the link down
below okay so we do it again dip and
then roll it into the
they're how awesome so cute it's turning
into a little snowball three so we're
gonna do this four times make sure you
coat the entire thing so cute one more
time
it's probably doubled in size from its
original form alright so now we're going
to take it off the stick and patch up
that hole a little bit so let's make a
chocolate water dip you do the same
thing gonna make some of the features
for the animals so we're gonna leave
some of those plain so let's make the
little pig one I'm gonna shush it into
the tray to form some ears dip it in the
water a little bit to the for the ears
to stick well stick as the nose on okay
now we need some eyes okay there's the
pig and I'm gonna stick an ear on stick
another you're on
and I think I'm gonna add a couple
little piece of white for his eyeballs
okay there's the Panda
okay so elephant has a trunk which looks
more like a turd to me
oh and now we need a pair of ears and
there's our elephant
that's our finished menagerie we have a
little puppy dog and piggy and an
elephant and I must say it's a little
bit tedious but it is a Japanese candy
making kit so I guess I shouldn't be
surprised no look sit up properly panda
now let's give him a taste
let's eat puppy dog because he has one
of each flavor so let's just the
chocolate mochi and see what it tastes
like here we go hmm what's sweet and
just a tiny tiny taste of cocoa not much
but it does have very much the texture
of mochi which is sticky and chewy yeah
it's okay let's just try the whole thing
here we go good luck balls and you can
see the pink mochi inside Nick the
flavors okay it's got a really great fun
mochi texture actually I'm actually
quite surprised very bouncy and chewy
quite sweet and very fake
strawberry flavor it's okay I actually
like the chocolate flavor better but
yeah not bad the thumb is a little bit
tricky you definitely want to use a
little bit of water to make the pieces
stick together cuz I don't really want
to stick together but yeah besides that
that's that so that's gonna go to animal
let me know in the comments below if you
have a favorite animal or if you have a
totem animal for that matter I want to
know what's my totem animal I would say
an elephant or a squirrel alright thank
you guys so much for watching hope you
guys enjoy that hope you guys learned
something and I'll see you in my next
video
Tolu take care bye they have a great
sound very crunchy it looks like a
fossilized banana chip
what comes into Crawford
you